C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.deps.json
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.dll
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.pdb
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.domain.dll
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.domain.pdb
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.dll
C:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\api.rotas\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.deps.json
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.domain.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.domain.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.infrastructure.pdb
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.dll
c:\Users\Desenvolvedor\Documents\TESTE BANCO BEXS\TESTE TECNICO\Fontes\API\component.business\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\api.rotas.business.pdb
